[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Next is CSS, and
remember they're they're just modules.
So actually we're going to be
requiring CSS files in our project.
But before we do that,
I just want to kind of explain what
these loaders that we're gonna use,
what their purpose is.
So lets say that we have some
CSS that looks like this.
All that really needs to happen for
the CSS to be applied to our page,
is it needs to get into either
a style tag or a link tag with a href.
And so, the way that the default for
like most applications, the default
way that people do this with web pack, is
first they pass it through the CSS loader.
And that's going to read the file and
create a string out of it.
It does a couple extra things as well,
because CSS,
what are some of the dependencies
that a CSS file could have?
That you can think of, like other assets,
yeah?
>> Speaker 2: URLs.
>> Kent C Dodds: URLs to like images?
>> Speaker 2: Like fonts and images,
yeah.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so
CSS does have dependencies,
and they're explicit, right?
Like you're explicitly saying,
this is the URL to the thing that I need.
And so the CSS loader will resolve some of
those dependencies as well, for a web PAC.
And, so well yeah, the CSS loader
creates a JavaScript module.
So, the results of the CSS loader is
a module.exports equals, and then this
object that represents the CSS, and
it has the actual CSS itself as a string.
And then it updates all of the places
with images and stuff, and updates those
URLs based off of where those files
will live when the bundle is all done.
So you don't have to worry about that.
You can say url relative-path, and
you don't have to worry about
where that's going, like .png.
And web PAC will manage moving that
file to where it needs to be, and
updating that URL so that it's it's
correct, when you launch your application.
And so, now with this JavaScript module,
that's not very useful.
I can now, sure you have
a JavaScript module that’s great.
But it's not in a style tag or in a link
tag, so it's not gonna apply to the page.
So, the next thing that you use is the
Style Loader, and that's responsible for
taking that JavaScript module,
the CSS from that module,
creating a style tag, and
injecting that into the dominant runtime.
And yeah, that happens at runtime.
So are there any questions
about how the CSS loader and
style loader are used to
create mantras out of CSS, and
have them apply to your page?
>> Speaker 2: So
if you were using something like LESS or
SAS,
it would take the CSS that that computed.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so
you would stick it right in here.
>> Speaker 2: Between, okay.
>> Kent C Dodds: So yeah, CSS, Sylus, SAS.
And the cool thing about it is because,
as you saw with Babel, it was just one
line of configuration to get Babel for
all of your JavaScript files.
Same thing goes for CSS, and yeah,
I'll show you how to do that.
But the cool thing is, I have a project
that I had before that was using LESS.
And I'm not huge fan of LESS,
I like Stylus.
And so,
I just added Stylus to the project.
It took literally five minutes, and
most of that time was spent waiting for
NPM install.
So, you just add another line and
you say anything that ends in Style, is
gonna be loaded through the Stylus loader.
And then the CSS loader and
the Style loader.
And then later on, I decided you know
what, SAS would be kind of cool.
And I just,
I would not recommend doing this.
But it was it was really easy to do.
And I would say it's not
necessarily a terrible idea.
You just can't use mix ins between them
and stuff, which would be a bit of a pain.
But yeah it's totally possible.
For example, Stylus has a really great
story for looping over stuff, so
it was really good for a ton,
like CSS kind of things.
Looping over LESS is a pain in the rear.
But these days, I actually use CSS and
JS, you can talk to me about that after.
But,